hi so I had posted on Twitter that I was
pretty sure the trailers were giving off
the vibe that Meryl Streep really wasn't
going to be in the sequel I was right
even more than that was that I had just
free watched the first one right and
when I say the word bamboozled I mean
they're hangover towing you there pretty
much repackaging the same movie and
giving it to you I'm not even saying
that as a diss
Mamma Mia no if there was ever a guilty
pleasure out there it would be these
movies and I was astonished to see how
many fans came out to jam-packed that
theater opening night of course we all
know how expensive movies can get so in
case you wanted to catch this opening
weekend or in theaters we partnered with
swag bucks on this video to help make
your dreams come true this eyelid JIT
gives you cash just for shopping for the
stuff you already do you can watch
videos or do surveys from the comfort of
your own home and earn points to get
gift cards yes Cory here said she went
on vacation probably to the Melania
Island thanks to swag bucks this is a
site we've already been using so it's
tried and true so it was a no-brainer to
have them on as a sponsor because
they're gonna hook you up so if you like
let me explain and you also want to sign
up and get an instant $5 bonus click the
link down below because it not only
helps us continue making videos but
they're gonna hook you up with money so
shout out the swag bucks are sponsoring
the Mamma Mia video because I never knew
the fandom was this big I mean a -
greeting they were singing along to
every song they had the moves down I
swear they were treating the screening
like it was a fathom concert event I
wouldn't be surprised if these girls
purchased their tickets off StubHub and
not Fandango so if you loved the first
one you're not gonna care that they're
pretty much giving you the same story I
actually would highly recommend you
watching this with the group of Abba
fans because brah the moment dancing
Queen came on I swear I saw a wig fly
through the theater let me explain so if
you don't know anything about the Mamma
Mia cinematic universe and you've missed
all of the San Diego Hall H
announcements this series is pretty much
based off of a couple of ABBA songs
primarily obviously Mamma Mia
in the late 90s they took a bunch of
their songs and they made it into a
Broadway production that's actually
known as the ninth longest-running show
in history and then in 2008 they adapted
into a movie which was the one I could
afford to go see and obviously it was so
successful they got a sequel movie takes
place in Greece where a man is Seyfried
Creed is
this big wedding just because she wants
to know who her dad is and after finding
her mom's diary she invites the three
possible guys who it could be
Meryl been on that Amber Rose train
since the 80s problem is Amanda didn't
tell anyone about who she invited so not
only do hijinks ensue but there is a
bunch of dance cues that happen like a
no wait this movie made more money than
Ironman but they clearly had no money
for Lube during the production because
the way they slide into these musical
numbers by the end of the first Seyfried
Creed doesn't even get married but bond
does propose to Streep and they have
their little ceremony we don't even find
out in the first movie who her real dad
is so she just gets adopted by all three
of them and they call it a day ten years
later and here we go again it's been a
year since Donna has passed away which
yo this caused the loudest gasp that I
have seen in my theaters since like a
Twilight movie sophie has inherited the
hotel and fixes it up cuz this place
hasn't been renovated since Paul the
apostle's stayed there in the book of
Acts she wants to have this big RiRi
opening but since she can't read the
weather things go south what's cool
about this one is that we actually get
to see the younger version of Donna
they're not just talking about her
younger stories but we actually see you
know baby drivers girl Cinderella
playing her we get to see when she meets
Harry in London who won this boy zippers
have never met - considering it's been
over a month since the they did it I'm
gonna declare right now Harry you are
not but then we also get to see her when
she's younger and she needs bill who I'm
telling you most definitely is the
father I also think is the best out of
the three one why wouldn't you want to
marry a sweetie and two well while I'm
vacation you know they hope this do
named Alexia find love when I go on
vacation all I see is drug busts in
Brooklyn Sam I'm telling you maybe the
coolest side of the three sure but I do
drop the ball way too many times like
when Donna makes it into this rundown
hotel where her chipper self almost
splinters our butthole slidin down you
notice that she has a lot of positive
she's practically the belle of this town
from you know the singing to literally
our clothes so
this two-timing dude can't respect his
bond to another woman he leaves our girl
looking like Gabriella Montez
obviously Donna has her kid and realizes
that that's all she needs she runs this
hotel like a boss we fast-forward to
Sophie learning that she too can have
that same confidence that her mama had
but she also has her boyfriend and her
three dads to help her and Andi Garcia
and Lady gaga senior and I kid you not
the Dos Equis man who comes out of
nowhere for a cameo by the end Meryl
Streep does appear once like if it's a
mini cameo by the end of the movie where
she appears out of nowhere like a force
go singing a song to Sophie as they
baptized her grandchild and she stares
right into the camera and gets nominated
yet again for an Oscar even though she
did thank you guys for checking out this
video I'm curious to know your thoughts
down below in the comment section like I
said Swagbucks definitely check them out
you know we tried getting sponsors that
not only you know helped the channel out
but stuff that you guys can get for free
and I kid you not you can literally go
over there there's AMC cards Amazon
cards take your receipts put them right
there you can just click the link down
below and I keep it real with you you
can go sign up outside of us but signing
up on the link down below really helps
the channel so if you like the channel
literally you get money by helping us
out but I'm curious on your thoughts on
Mamma Mia the first one I'm gonna tell
you didn't fully age but the second one
I'm you I saw it with an Abba crowd like
they adored it so definitely see it with
a group of people who can sing along
with these songs I mean this is probably
what it was like for the greatest
showmen lyrical event things that they
were happening but yo they dug it in
this movie so I'm Kirsten on your
thoughts don't forget to comment like
and subscribe and I'll send you a pair
of Traveling Pants to Greece